c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\BlogMaster.exe.config
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\BlogMaster.exe
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\BlogMaster.pdb
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\V\CollectMaster.g.cs
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\V\KeywordMaster.g.cs
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\V\CollectMaster.baml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\V\KeywordMaster.baml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster.g.resources
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster.exe
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\BlogMaster.pdb
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yes24\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BlogMaster\BlogMaster\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
